Design is a funny word. some people think design means how it looks. But if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.
Steve Jobs

A good leader inspires people to have confidence in the leader, a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves.
Anon

A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
John C Maxwell

Leadership is practiced no so much in words as in attitude and actions.
Harold S. Geneen

The challenge of leadership is to be strong, but not rude; be kind but not weak; be bold, but not a bully; be thoughtful, but not lazy; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; to have humor, but without folly.
Jim Rohn

God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches you by means of opposites, so that you will have two wings to fly -not one.
Rumi

Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
Rumi

If you are irritated by every rub, how will you be polished?
Rumi

Your legs will get heavy and tired. Then comes a moment of feeling the wings you've grown, lifting.
Rumi

If all you can do is crawl, start crawling.
Rumi

This being human is a guest house. Every morning a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor. Welcome and attend them all! Even if they're a crowd of sorrows, who violently sweep your house empty of its furniture, still treat each guest honorably. He may be clearing you out for some new delight. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in.
Rumi

Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle

Success is nothing more or less than being who you want to be; progressing toward your ideal each day.
Jaren L. Davis

It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
J.K. Rowling

If a man has any greatness in him, it comes to light, not in one flamboyant hour, but in the ledger of his daily work.
Beryl Markham

I am always doing things I can’t do. That is how I get to do them.
Pablo Picasso

Success is 99% attitude and 1% aptitude.
Celestine Chua

It is your attitude, not your aptitude, that determines your altitude.
Zig Ziglar

Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein

If you put yourself in a position where you have to stretch outside your comfort zone, then you are forced to expand your consciousness.
Anon

Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.
Anon

Confidence is not a guarantee of success, but a pattern of thinking that will improve your likelihood of success, a tenacious search for ways to make things work.
Dr. John Eliot

You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
A.A. Milne

Every artist was first an amateur.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

What is without periods of rest will not endure.
Ovid

Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass on a summer day listening to the murmur of water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is hardly a waste of time.
Sir John Lubbock

It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time to time, of playful deeds and jokes.
Thomas Aquinas

Every now and then go away, have a little relaxation, for when you come back to your work your judgment will be surer. Go some distance away because then the work appears smaller and more of it can be taken in at a glance and a lack of harmony and proportion is more readily seen.
Leonardo Da Vinci

Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can possibly do is take a complete rest.
Ashleigh Brilliant

True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
William Penn

Everything is changing... and that’s okay.
Martha Beck

Men's private self-worlds are rather like our geographical world's seasons, storm, and sun, deserts, oases, mountains and abysses, the endless-seeming plateaus, darkness and light, and always the sowing and the reaping.
Faith Baldwin

Change is hard. You fight to hold on. You fight to let go. But in the end, we all know. Change is needed for you to grow.
Nishan Panwar

Joy and sorrow are inseparable... together they come and when one sits alone with you... remember that the other is asleep upon your bed.
Kahlil Gibran

Grief. The pain now is part of the happiness then. That's the deal.
C.S. Lewis

Grief has limits, whereas apprehension has none For we grieve only for what we know has happened, but we fear all that possibly may happen.
Pliny the Elder

Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Anon

I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.
Harold S Kushner

An old belief is like an old shoe. We so value its comfort that we fail to notice the hole in it.
Robert Brault Quotes

To have another language is to possess a second soul.
Charlemagne

Language is the blood of the soul into which thoughts run and out of which they grow.
Oliver Wendell Holmes

Language is the means of getting an idea from my brain into yours without surgery.
Mark Amidon

A different language is a different vision of life.
Federico Fellini

When you know a thing, to hold that you know it; and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
Confucius

Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.
Samuel Johnson

Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.
Henry Ford

The key elements in the art of working together are how to deal with change, how to deal with conflict, and how to reach our potential...the needs of the team are best met when we meet the needs of individuals persons.
Max De Pree

I have missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I have lost almost 300 games. On 26 occasions I have been entrusted to take the game winning shot...and I missed. I have failed over and over and over again in my life. And thats precisely why I succeed.
Michael Jordan

And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Anaïs Nin

What is the difference between an obstacle and an opportunity? Our attitude toward it. Every opportunity has a difficulty, and every difficulty has an opportunity.
Sidlow Baxter

It shouldn’t be easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It’s the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something’s difficult to come by, you’ll do that much more to make sure it’s even harder – or impossible – to lose.
Sarah Dessen

Whenever you want to achieve something, keep your eyes open, concentrate and make sure you know exactly what it is you want.  No one can hit their target with their eyes closed.
Paulo Coelho

Our thoughts about what we are and what we can be precisely determine what we can be.
Anthony Robbins

Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
Mahatma Gandhi

For after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain.
Henry W. Longfellow

Sometimes beautiful things come into our lives out of nowhere.  We can’t always understand them, but we have to trust in them.  I know you want to question everything, but sometimes it pays to just have a little faith.
Lauren Kate

Yesterday is gone.  Tomorrow has not yet come.  We have only today.  Let us begin.
Mother Teresa

Finding the right work is like discovering your own soul in the world.
Sir Thomas Moore

Our way to practice is one step at a time, one breath at a time.
Shunryu Suzuki

Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Peter T. Mcintyre

Confidence is preparation.  Everything else is beyond your control.
Richard Kline

Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
William Hazlitt

A gold medal is a nice thing - but if you're not enough without it, you'll never be enough with it.
Cool Runnings

I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Louisa May Alcott

Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Benjamin Disraeli

Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford

A good education is not so much one which prepares a man to succeed in the world, as one which enables him to sustain a failure.
Bernard Iddings Bell

Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity...successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
DuPree Jordan, Jr.

There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Colin Powell

You always pass failure on the way to success.
Mickey Rooney

Never consider the possibility of failure; as long as you persist, you will be successful.
Brian Tracy

Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
John R. Wooden

Failure is no more a permanent condition than success! For even if you succeed, there’s still another test.
Gene Bedley

Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration. Accordingly a genius is often merely a talented person who has done all of his or her homework.
Thomas Edison

What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.
Dr. Samuel Johnson

Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
Sam Ewing

Careers, like rockets, don't always take off on schedule. The key is to keep working the engines.
Gary Sinise

Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
John R. Wooden

The winner ain’t the one with the fastest car, it’s the one who refuses to lose.
Dale Earnhardt

Be the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment, own it.
Oprah

There is a proper balance between not asking enough of oneself and asking or expecting too much.
May Sarton

Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Malcolm Forbes

You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want.
Margaret Young

Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi

The thing that is really hard and really amazing is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
Anna Quindlen

She took the leap and built her wings on the way down.
Anon

You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes.  You can steer yourself any direction you choose.  You’re on your own and you know what you know.  And you are the one who’ll decide where to go.
Dr. Seuss

I couldn't be more proud of you.
Mom

Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen.
Brené Brown

Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness.
Brené Brown

Because true belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world, our sense of belonging can never be greater than our level of self-acceptance.
Brené Brown

Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage.
Brené Brown

Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
Etty Hillesum

Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
Chinese Proverb

Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Anon

Be where you are, not where you think you should be.
Anon

Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life feeling stupid.
Albert Einstein

It isn't what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Anon

Life is like photography. You need the negatives to develop.
Unknown

Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Willard Marriott

Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Mary Anne Radmacher

The greatest problem in communication is the illusion that it has been accomplished.
George Bernard Shaw

Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas A. Edison

Contrary to what we usually believe, moments like these, the best moments in our lives, are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times—although such experiences can also be enjoyable, if we have worked hard to attain them. The best moments usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile. Optimal experience is thus something that we make happen.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi

...It is when we act freely, for the sake of the action itself rather than for ulterior motives, that we learn to become more than what we were.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi

Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him.
James Allen

Press on – nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent.
Calvin Coolidge

Every day, a new opportunity to decide where your next step will go is given to you. Your future will be determined by the accumulation of these daily decisions. You control your steps and therefore your destiny, so choose wisely.
Kevin Ngo

No one ever won a chess game by betting on each move. Sometimes you have to move backward to get a step forward.
Anon

Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
Walter Brunell

Don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
George S. Patton

A man may fail many times but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
J.Paul Getty

If we try and fail, we have temporary disappointments. But if we do not try at all, we have permanent regrets.
Bern Williams

If nothing changes... Nothing Changes.
Ryan Allen

There are no failures - just experiences and your reactions to them.
Tom Krause

When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep.
Anon

God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one
Rumi

Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Ivern Ball

It was being a runner that mattered, not how fast or how far I could run. The joy was in the act of running and in the journey, not in the destination. We have a better chance of seeing where we are when we stop trying to get somewhere else. We can enjoy every moment of movement, as long as where we are is as good as where we'd like to be. That's not to say that you need to be satisfied forever with where you are today. But you need to honor what you've accomplished, rather than thinking of what's left to be done.
John Bingham

Knowledge is power, but enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Ivern Ball

When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
W. Clement Stone

Man is so made that whenever anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish.
Jean de la Fontaine

There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
Paulo Coelho

Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart.
Paulo Coelho

It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.
Paulo Coelho

But if you believe yourself worthy of the thing you fought so hard to get, then you become an instrument of God, you help the Soul of the World, and you understand why you are here.
Paulo Coelho

Life must be lived as play.
Plato

Play is our brain's favorite way of learning.
Diane Ackerman

Play fosters belonging and encourages cooperation.
Stuart Brown, MD

Necessity may be the mother of invention, but play is certainly the father.
Roger von Oech

Creative people are curious, flexible, persistent, and independent with a tremendous spirit of adventure and a love of play.
Henri Matisse

The opposite of play is not work. It’s depression.
Brian Sutton-Smith

The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct.
Carl Jung

In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play.
Friedrich Nietzsche

Happy is he who still loves something he loved in the nursery: He has not been broken in two by time; he is not two men, but one, and he has saved not only his soul but his life.
G.K. Chesterton

The great man is he who does not lose his child's-heart.
Mencius

It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
Seneca

There is no chance, no destiny, no fate that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox

Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Mahatma Gandhi

Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.
Robert Strauss

Be infinitely flexible and constantly amazed.
Jason Kravitz

What this power is, I cannot say. All I know is that it exists…and it becomes available only when you are in that state of mind in which you know exactly what you want…and are fully determined not to quit until you get it.
Alexander Graham Bell

Those who won our independence... valued liberty as an end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.
Louis D. Brandeis

Finding the center of strength within ourselves is in the long run the best contribution we can make to our fellow men. ... One person with indigenous inner strength exercises a great calming effect on panic among people around him. This is what our society needs — not new ideas and inventions; important as these are, and not geniuses and supermen, but persons who can "be", that is, persons who have a center of strength within themselves.
Rollo May

Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.
Deborah Tannen

No man is great enough or wise enough for any of us to surrender our destiny to. The only way in which anyone can lead us is to restore to us the belief in our own guidance.
Henry Miller

You can’t know, you can only believe – or not.
C.S. Lewis

Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.
Joseph Campbell

Fear of failure and fear of the unknown are always defeated by faith. Having faith in yourself, in the process of change, and in the new direction that change sets will reveal your own inner core of steel.
Georgette Mosbacher

Faith makes things possible, not easy.
Anon

Some things have to be believed to be seen.
Ralph Hodgson

Without faith a man can do nothing; with it all things are possible.
Sir William Osler

Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr.

Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
Byron Pulsifer

Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Mother Teresa